LATISH SHERIGAR
B-703, Sunflower, Flower Valley, Khadakpada, Kalyan - 421301. / mail@latish-sherigar.com  / 9819087305

Highly skilled and experienced software developer possessing expertise in software development with 
Java and Oracle PL/SQL based web applications. Strong knowledge of the full software development life 
cycle.
Quick learner. Sterling reputation for working on multiple technical technologies with ease and skillfully 
designing applications.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE	

Mastek Ltd. Mumbai (formerly Keystone Solutions, Mumbai).                           Jun 2006 - Current                                                      
Product Analyst
Analyze and evaluate project requirements. Create practical solutions to fulfill the business needs that 
comply with quality standards and technical requirements. Supervise a team of four. Develop and 
implement new products for Product Research and Development group. 

*	Assigned, Coordinated and reviewed the work of junior developers working on the new 
architecture of the Mastek’s P&C STG Billing suite.
*	Consulted with business analysts and functional experts to clarify the project requirements 
and design the solutions.
*	Coded web services using Apache CXF framework and Apache common chain framework.
*	Coded a Compiler and Execution engine in Java for a Kognito’s ETL tool which was a GUI only 
tool. Enabled the whole setup to work seamlessly as a batch process with required error 
handling and failure control processes.  
*	Developed backend packages, procedures and triggers in Oracle PLSQL.
*	Developed a Ticket dependency tracking tool and a release build tool in Java/PHP and Mysql for 
the release team to maintain dependency between various releases as a part of project level 
initiatives.
*	Served as a non official technical consultant for many groups outside the project.

St Xavier’s Technical Institute, Mahim.                                            Apr 2004 – Jun 2006                                                      
Software Development Group ,Software Consultant

Client: Holy Family Hospital, Mumbai.	

Development and maintenance of a Hospital Health care management system. 

*	Coded a billing module for hospitals Inpatients department in Visual Basic and Oracle PLSQL. 
*	Migrated business logic from Visual basic to Oracle PLSQL for 2 modules.
*	Actively participated in designing and creating interfaces as a part of integration activity for a 
third part pharmacy product


TECHNICAL SKILLS

Languages	Java, Oracle PL/SQL, PHP, Visual Basic, ASP,  XML,  XSL, HTML, Java Script.
Frameworks	Web services (Apache CXF), Spring, Apache iBatis.
Databases	Oracle, Mysql, MSAccess.
SCM	            SVN, Visual Source Safe.
Dev Tools	Eclipse,  SQL Developer, Toad, SQLPlus Ant , JBoss
Reporting	Jasper, iReport, Oracle reports, VB Data reports, Crystal Reports.
Software	Rational Clear Quest, MS Office.
OS	            Windows, Linux.
Hardware	PC, Peripherals, Basic Networking.

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s in Information Technology, Indira Gandhi National Open University,64.71%
Higher National Diploma in Computing, Edexcel U.K, MERIT
D.E.R.E (Diploma in Electronics and Radio Engineering), St Xavier’s Technical Institute, Mahim.  
Autonomous Board, 79.95%
H.S.C	, Birla College of Arts, Commerce and Science, Kalyan , 57.43%
S.S.C	, St Thomas English School, Kalyan ,67.46%
		

MISCELLANEOUS		

I maintain a website and blog at http://www.latish-sherigar.com 
Recipient of the1st prize for open software development contest in Computer Society India, Ideas 
2004 technical event. 	
